content/devicefarm/remote.md, before:

---
title: "리모트 테스트 실행하기"
chapter: false
weight: 10
---

웹으로 만들어진 앱을 실행해 볼 수 있는 리모트 테스트를 실행 해 봅니다.

우선 디바이스 팜의 프로젝트를 생성합니다.

"Create a new project"를 선택하고 Project name을 적절히 입력합니다.

생성된 프로젝트 화면에서 "Remote access"탭을 선택하고 "+Start a new session"을 선택합니다.

![Create User](/images/remote1.png)

디바이스 선택화면에서 "Show available..." 체크박스를 체크합니다. 이는 30초 이내에 기동할 수 있는 여유가 있는 디바이스만 선택하는 옵션입니다. "Name" 필드를 통해 원하는 디바이스를 검색 할 수도 있습니다. 적절한 디바이스를 선택합니다.

![Create User](/images/remote2.png)

화면 최하단의 "Confirm and start session"을 선택해서 다음으로 진행합니다.

디바이스를 요청하는 화면이 나오게 됩니다.

![Create User](/images/remote3.png)

요청이 완료되면 화면에 세션이 나타나게 되고 실제 디바이스를 사용하는 것처럼 제스춰와 스와이프를 할 수 있습니다. 때에따라서 아래에 있는 물리 버튼을 통해 조작을 할 수 있습니다.

![Create User](/images/remote4.png)

제공되어진 APK파일을 오른쪽 업로드 버튼을 통해 업로드 합니다. 한번 업로드 되어진 APK파일은 30일간 저장되며, 명시적으로 지우기 전까지 언제든 재 사용할 수 있습니다.

![Create User](/images/remote5.png)

Commit message:

device farm content tlanslate ENG

content/devicefarm/remote.md, after:

---
title: "To run a remote test"
chapter: false
weight: 10
---

Run the built app using a web-based remote test.

First, create a project for your device farm.

Select 'Create a new project' and enter a Project name as appropriate.

In the created project screen, select the 'Remote access' tab and select '+ Start a new session'.

![Create User](/images/remote1.png)

Check the 'Show available ...' checkbox on the device selection screen. This option selects only those devices that can afford to start up within 30 seconds. You can also search for the desired device through the 'Name' field. Select the appropriate device.

![Create User](/images/remote2.png)

Select "Confirm and start session" at the bottom of the screen to proceed.

Next comes the screen to request a device.

![Create User](/images/remote3.png)

Once the request is complete, the session will appear on the screen and you can gesture and swipe as if you were using a real device. Occasionally, operations can be performed via the physical buttons below.

![Create User](/images/remote4.png)

Upload the provided APK file through the right upload button. Once uploaded, the APK file is saved for 30 days and can be reused at any time until explicitly deleted.

![Create User](/images/remote5.png)
